docs(atlassian-api-tokens): Add warning about scoped Atlassian API Tokens (#2519)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/vault-radar/get-started/add-data-sources/jira/jira-cloud.mdx

- Token creator email address
- [API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/)

::warning:: Unfortunately, Scoped API Tokens are not currently supported for scanning Confluence Cloud.
Using a scoped API token will result in 401 errors. 

> Please use a non-scoped API token to connect your Confluence Cloud data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning>

Scoped API Tokens do not support scanning Jira Cloud.
Using a scoped API token results in 401 errors. 
Use a non-scoped API token to connect your Confluence Jira data source.

</Warning>
```

- Token creator email address
- [API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/)

<Warning>

Unfortunately, Scoped API Tokens are not currently supported for scanning Jira Cloud.
Using a scoped API token will result in 401 errors. 

> Please use a non-scoped API token to connect your Jira Cloud data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCP Vault Radar does not support scoped API tokens for scanning Jira Cloud.
Using a scoped API token results in 401 errors. 
Use a non-scoped API token to connect your Jira Cloud data source.
```
